When I took the test.
it said positive.
Losing a pregnancy
this early on is fairly common.
We're in this together
every step of the way.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
What do you know about
this Interim Chief Hopkins?
I don't think we'll see him that much.
He's got to cover a bunch of houses.
You're the head of the house now.
Headquarters sent you down
here to be Chief Pascal's assistant?
I'd love to help in any way.
Have you heard anything from
the CFD about your position?
I'm gonna stay at 51.
I'll wait for them to drag me out.
Chief said he left me
something here in the office.
Do you happen to know what that is?
He didn't just leave you
something in the office.
He left you the office.
♪ ♪
The consulting work's
treating me well.
And I owe you
for making that happen.
Well. breakfast is still on me.
if that's what you're getting at.
[CHUCKLES]
The best part is
they work around my rehab.
How's that going?
Yeah. every day
is a little better.
Still no word on the
captain's exam results?
Hopefully soon.
Stella was really hoping
we'd hear before she left town.
Oh. right. the...
the wildfire training.
Yeah. sent her off this
morning with the rest of Truck.
They'll be out of pocket
the next few days.
deep in the woods of Colorado.
How's it feel being the ranking
officer at 51 now that Pascal's gone?
Ready to step up.
I wonder how much
Battalion Chief Hopkins
will be involved in 51.
He's got plenty of houses
on his plate.
I've only ever met Hopkins
in passing.
Tough but fair. I hear.
Yeah. it's a funny thing.
51 actually falls
outside his district.
I'm not sure how your house
ended up under his purview.
Budget cuts?
We better get our orders
in or we'll both be late. Hey.
Have you seen my keys?
Kitchen counter.
[SIGHS]
So. are you gonna
tell Severide today?
I know. I have been stalling.
I just don't want to cause
any bad feelings. you know?
It won't. Whatever else happened.
he cares about you. Joe.
- Tell him.
- Yeah.
OK. yes. I will tell him today.
- See you later.
- Hey. wait. wait.
Hold on. Do you need a ride?
- I'm good.
- OK.
Have a great day.
Well. we got four words
out of him today.
- I'll consider that a victory.
- It's a teenager thing. right?
Yeah. I was no picnic
at that age either.
And I turned out perfect. so...
- Get to work.
- Mwah.
- Bye-bye.
- OK.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
You know. T-shirts. hats...
that'd be great.
Hey. Tony. you know Delguzzo
from first shift. right?
Sure.
He's wondering if anyone's got
any CFD merch laying around.
I'm volunteering at
the children's cancer ward.
Kids always get a kick
out of the firefighter stuff.
Yeah. sorry. I got nothing.
[PHONE DINGS]
Hey!
Kolchak says he found some
in his trunk.
One door closes.
another one opens. right?
- Yeah.
- Have a great shift. guys.
♪ ♪
Jerk.
What's your problem with Delguzzo?
He supposedly grew up
with the Pope.
Now he acts like he is the Pope.
Delguzzo's friends with Pope Leo?
Yeah. he says they went to St.
Mary of Assumption together as kids.
He calls him Bob.
I'm surprised you haven't heard.
- Guy won't shut up about it.
- [CHUCKLES]
My friend says his dad
was Pope Leo's dentist.
Said he'd never seen
a more perfect set of teeth.
All my life. nobody's
mentioned this Bob guy.
But now that he's the Pope.
suddenly everybody in Chicago
used to split lunch with him.
Oh.
- Morning. Lieutenant.
- Morning.
Saw the schedule.
No Truck or Engine. no Ambo.
Everyone's off except Squad?
Yeah. we're... we're spread thin.
I'll be counting on you
to pick up the slack.
Absolutely. Whatever you need.
♪ ♪
[KNOCKS]
So what'd you decide?
You gonna take over
the space or what?
I might use it
for meetings at first.
but that's it for now.
Easing into it.
I guess you could say that.
Hey. uh. Lieutenant.
Um. you got a minute?
I've been meaning to tell you something.
It's. uh... it's sort of big news.
Yeah. sure. What's up. Cruz?
Well. um.
Chloe's pregnant.
[LAUGHS]
Congratulations. man.
Thank you.
When's the baby due?
Mid-August. yeah.
We just had our last checkup.
and so far. so good.
- The boys excited?
- Otis is. for sure.
Javi. he's not exactly
a ray of sunshine these days.
[ALARM BLARES]
Squad 3. motor vehicle accident.
Parking garage.
North Branch and Halsted.
[SIRENS WAILING]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
- You know the level?
- Nine.
You guys stand by.
I'll let you know what I need.
Copy that.
Hey. man. that car
backed up out of nowhere.
- I had to swerve.
- Anyone injured?
Over here.
Look. I didn't mean to hit her. man.
All right. stay back.
[GROANING. WHIMPERING]
Please. help!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[GROANING]
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Hold on. we'll get you out.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[PANTING. GROANING]
[GRUNTS]
Squad 3 to Main.
What's your ETA on that ambo?
Squad 3. ETA two minutes.
Cruz. I'm gonna need
a jump bag. backboard.
airbag. and cribbing. stat.
Yeah. copy that. On the way.
Hang in there.
[PANTS]
Medics are on their way.
but I gotta stop your leg from bleeding.
This is gonna hurt.
♪ ♪
[GRUNTS]
[GROANING]
♪ ♪
[GRUNTS. SOBS]
[WAILS]
[GASPS. SOBS]
You're doing great.
[GRUNTS]
♪ ♪
[SCREAMS. PANTS]
[GRUNTS]
- Capp. start on the cribbing.
- Copy.
Cruz. Tony. let's get working
on those airbags.
Copy that.
Hang in there. You're doing great.
[GRUNTS]
- My daughter.
- Huh?
Where is she?
♪ ♪
- What's her name?
- Sara.
She was right next to me.
Cruz. need you to find
a girl named Sara.
Make sure she's OK.
On it.
Hey. uh. anybody seen
a little girl named Sara?
Sara? Sara?
S... hey!
Hey. I'm Joe.
Are you hurt?
Will Mom be OK?
I promise we're gonna do
everything we can. OK?
Tony. let me know when you're ready.
Good to go.
Up on red.
[AIR HISSING]
Hold there. Up on green.
- [SOBS]
- Hold it there.
All right. Capp.
tighten up that cribbing.
- [GROANS]
- Set.
Hang in there. you're almost out.
All right. let's slide the backboard in.
[GROANING]
Make sure you got a hand on her.
We'll bring her out nice and slow.
[GASPS]
I got her.
[SCREAMS]
We got you. We got you.
[GROANING]
All right.
OK. set. Slide it back on three.
Ready? One. two. three.
[GRUNTING. GASPING]
Everybody get a hand.
Ready. and up.
[GRUNTS]
An open fracture of the femur.
possible head and spinal injuries.
We got it from here.
♪ ♪
Hey. this is her daughter.
Make sure she rides with you. OK?
You got it.
Hey. hey. It's OK.
You're just gonna go to
the hospital with your mom.
all right? Michelle's got you.
She's the best. OK?
Here you go.
Come on. sweetheart.
I got you. Come on.
It's OK.
Atta girl.
♪ ♪
[SOMBER MUSIC]
[TRUCK RUMBLING]
[BRAKES SQUEAL]
Hey. nice work back there. Dad.
I. uh... seeing kids
on these calls. man...
it was hard enough before.
but now with another baby
on the way...
Wait. What. we're pregnant? Cruz!
When were you gonna tell us?
He just told me before the call.
You were the next to know.
Well. we're honored
to overhear the news.
Yeah. congrats. Joe.
Thanks. fellas.
God. I'm gonna have three kids soon.
I don't know how Herrmann does it.
Me neither.
Hey. Stella's gonna be happy
for you too.
What's Chief Hopkins doing here?
He didn't say. He just passed
right by me and went into the office.
Chief Hopkins.
Lieutenant Severide.
Welcome to 51. What brings you in?
Check-in.
51 is under my command now.
but I think you knew that already.
What's this?
Pascal suggested I use his office.
so I brought a few things in.
This is a chief's office. Lieutenant.
Understood.
Chief Pascal wasn't sure the room
- was gonna get much use...
- That's irrelevant.
And you have an assistant too?
Lucy works for the whole firehouse. sir.
Does she?
Lucy. I'd like a full tour
of this place.
top to bottom.
Catch me up.
Of course. Chief. Right this way.
Three kids.
Cruz is gonna have his hands full.
Maybe we should tell Delguzzo
to give his buddy a heads-up.
Maybe the Pope does baptisms.
You know. I've been thinking about that.
Pope Leo's 70.
Delguzzo's what. mid-50s?
Yeah. so?
So how did they grow up
together at St. Mary's?
Well. St. Mary's is
a school and a church. right?
They could have been there
at the same time.
Yeah. well. I've been in
a stadium with Michael Jordan.
That doesn't make us teammates.
Uh. Tony. Capp. this is Chief Hopkins.
Tony and Capp are both part of
Lieutenant Severide's company.
They say Squad 3 is the most
elite rescue unit in the city.
I look forward to seeing if
you live up to your reputation.
Yes. sir.
You know he was the chief
from the Fulton Street
building collapse. right?
- Wait. that was him?
- Yeah.
He pulled his whole unit out alone.
with his collarbone sticking out.
Damn.
These are the officers' quarters.
There are three of them back here.
I see.
Something wrong. Chief?
Is there another area
you'd like to see instead?
No. it's just...
you look familiar to me.
- Have we met before?
- I don't think so. no.
But I... I get that all the time.
I must have one of those faces.
Uh. Lieutenant Severide is there.
Lieutenant McHolland is here.
and Lieutenant Kidd is over here... oh.
Tell Lieutenant Severide to
meet me in the chief's office.
Yes. sir.
Shut the door.
I've decided to cancel my
other firehouse visits today.
I'm gonna stay at 51 till shift's end.
see if I can get a better sense
of the place.
Sounds good. Chief.
I'm not finished.
You're the ranking officer
at the CFD's busiest house.
It's on me to make sure
that you're up to spec.
There are some concerns.
Sir?
I get the feeling you don't
think you have to follow the rules.
[TENSE MUSIC]
What makes you say that?
Your wife is usually on the
same shift as you. isn't she?
That's against protocol.
That situation has been reviewed
and approved by a number
of chiefs over the years.
Rules are still rules.
Pascal might have okayed all of it...
an in-house relationship.
a lieutenant with
his own front office...
but Pascal isn't
battalion chief anymore.
I am.
And I need to make sure
this place is in good hands
when I'm not around. or else
there will have to be changes.
♪ ♪
You understand?
That'll be all. Lieutenant.
Dismissed.
♪ ♪
I've been doing inventory
on the equipment here.
and I see Squad is using
the old rope rescue system.
- Oh. OK.
- It's outdated and subpar.
The fact that one of the
busiest houses in the CFD
doesn't have the most updated
system is unacceptable.
- Mm-hmm.
- 51 should have
the new system.
with an electric capstan winch.
I'll get into that right away. Chief.
Good.
Can I help you with something?
I hope so. Um.
my name's Renee.
I. uh... I was at the accident
this morning
with the truck that hit that woman.
What can I do for you. Renee?
Um. I was just at Chicago Med
trying to find out how she's doing.
but they won't tell me anything
since I'm not immediate family.
- Do you know her somehow?
- No.
I was in the car that backed up.
and. uh.
I guess I wasn't paying attention.
I didn't see the truck coming.
so it's my fault.
Um. they tried not to hit me.
but instead...
No. that doesn't make it your fault.
That makes it an accident.
That's really kind of you to say.
Um. but I'm going a little crazy
not knowing if she's OK or not.
She... she had her daughter with her.
Um...
OK. I saw the call report.
She was stable when
they dropped her at Med.
A broken bone or two.
but she's gonna be OK.
Really? [SNIFFLES]
Um. I'm really glad to hear that.
Thank you.
If you want to follow up anytime.
feel free.
[TENDER MUSIC]
Lucy.
♪ ♪
Any idea why he's being such a hardass?
I can handle it.
Pascal wasn't easy
when he started either.
He's probably just
marking his territory.
Hey. Chloe!
Congratulations. Another baby Cruz.
You don't even look pregnant.
I mean. you look amazing.
- Glowing.
- Congratulations. Chloe.
- That's great news.
- Thank you. guys.
We're really excited
and also kind of terrified.
We thought our diaper days were done.
[CHUCKLES]
- Can I talk to you real fast?
- Lieutenant?
Yeah. yeah. go ahead.
We'll start the drill without you.
Yeah. so you were snooping.
I wasn't snooping.
You were reading Javi's emails.
They were up on the screen.
and I was cleaning his room.
[SIGHS]
I saw a message from Eddie
at Lutheran Social Services.
and I don't know.
I just couldn't walk away from that.
- The guy who placed Javi with us?
- Yes.
Javi reached out and asked if they could
help him track down some
of his relatives in Honduras.
- And did they?
- I don't think so.
At least. not yet.
Yeah.
Well. they tried to do that before.
and we almost got scammed
by a fake uncle.
- Should I call this guy. Eddie?
- I don't know.
I don't want to make things worse.
It's just. the way Javi's
been acting lately
since we told him about the pregnancy...
You think this has something
to do with that?
Maybe having another biological child
is making him feel disconnected
from us somehow.
Or maybe it's just making him
think about family
and ask questions.
I mean. why wouldn't he tell us?
[SIGHS]
What if...
what if he wants to track them down
because he wants to reunite
with them permanently?
[EXHALES]
It's just an email.
It doesn't mean he wants to leave.
[SOMBER MUSIC]
I will talk to him.
[CLANGING]
All right. Capp. you're up.
Tony. set his bar.
Set. Strike!
Strike! Strike!
Drive it home.
[BANGING]
This isn't your whole squad.
- Who's missing?
- Cruz.
He's dealing with something.
Capp. set the tool to clear.
That's not enough manpower.
A rabbit tool would do the trick.
They've got this.
All right. Tony. double up.
More leverage.
[CREAKING. BANGING]
[BANGS]
Nice work. guys.
Hey. sorry about that.
No worries. Let's clean up.
I hate to ask this.
especially with Hopkins here.
but is it all right if Javi comes
over to the firehouse later?
I'm trying to manage a crisis.
Of course.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hey. Tom.
I hear congratulations are in order.
For what?
I was just told that you landed
number one on the captain's test.
Wow. I'm. uh...
Stella's gonna like to hear that.
I'm sure Chief Hopkins
will reach out soon
to give you the official word.
Actually. the chief's here
at 51 right now.
- He hasn't mentioned it.
- Huh.
He must have heard
the news before I did.
I'm not sure why
he wouldn't have told you.
Lieutenant. Chief Hopkins
is looking for you.
He's waiting in your quarters.
He's looking for me right now.
Well. do me a favor.
Act surprised when he tells you.
Will do.
I'm gonna assume that was
Cruz's wife who stopped by.
It was.
So members of your team
feel free to conduct
family business during operations here?
I told Cruz it was fine
to take a few minutes.
It interfered with the drill
you had in progress.
Capp and Tony had it handled.
It's the lieutenant
who should be handling things.
You hear anything
about my captain's exam?
I did.
There some reason
you didn't want to tell me?
You're not officially a captain until
the promotion orders come down.
And that could take a while.
Besides. it makes no difference to me
whether you're promoted or not.
I'm still the chief.
still your superior.
Chief.
I'm starting to get the feeling
there's some kind of
personal problem here.
but I'm in the dark.
Let's just say I've been
in this position before.
and I'm not gonna make
the same mistake twice.
What mistake? What do you mean?
I've got work to do.
and I'm sure you do too.
♪ ♪
Hey. uh. I know
you won't get this today.
Just wanted to hear your voice anyway.
Something's going on
with this new chief.
Feels like he's gunning for me.
I gotta figure out what's going on.
Anyway. uh. give me a call back
whenever you get out of there.
whatever time it is.
Love you.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Yes. I spoke to Craig in Facilities.
and he said that his system
can't check inventory
on the rope kit.
so he transferred me to you.
Dude. no luck here.
Text Kylie. She'll know where they are.
Uh. yeah. I have a part number.
OK. Give me one second.
It's somewhere here. Can I help you?
Uh. game's on. I just want
spare batteries for the TV remote.
Might be in the desk. I can wait.
OK. it is the Hyperion
Rope Rescue System. CX12.
- Yes. I will hold.
- [PHONE DINGS]
That Kylie?
No. it's Gregory from first shift.
I asked him.
He said Delguzzo's Pope story is legit.
How would he know?
'Cause he said he'd seen it himself.
He said Delguzzo's got some
kind of divine connection.
Lucy.
- Never heard of the guy.
- Divine connection? Please.
He said every time Delguzzo's driving
the engine.
they always find a parking spot
right by the hydrant.
Every time. Explain that.
How about the giant
no parking sign above it?
Yes. hi!
I'm here.
Wait. really? OK.
Um. I'm on my way there right now.
Please don't give them to anyone else.
- I'm begging you.
- What's that about?
Three firehouses want that rope kit.
and there's only one set left.
If I don't find a way to wheedle
it out of that supply shop.
this might be my last shift at 51.
[MICROWAVE BEEPING]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Hey. there he is.
Just in time for pizza rolls.
- How was school?
- Fine.
Of course it was.
Let's go in here and talk. huh?
Am I in trouble or something?
What? No. no. no.
I just. uh...
I wanted us to talk. you know?
Face-to-face. man-to-man.
OK.
So. uh. your mom and I.
we heard that you have been
trying to. uh.
track down your family in Honduras.
Heard? From who?
Your mom.
She was cleaning your room.
She saw it on your laptop.
Why is she going through my stuff?
Hey. take it easy.
You left it open.
Next time. just sign out.
But. look. we don't want you to think
that you have to hide this from us.
I know that this can be
a lot to take in.
with another baby brother
or sister on the way.
but we just want to make sure
you know that this baby
is only gonna grow our family.
Your family.
What do you mean?
You are our son. Javi.
You always will be.
And this baby won't change that.
I emailed that guy way before
I knew Mom was pregnant.
This has nothing to do with that.
Really?
It doesn't matter anyway.
They can't find anyone.
not a single relative.
It's like I don't even exist.
Wait.
You know that is not true.
I gotta go. OK?
Me and my friends are meeting
at the Y for a pickup game.
Wait. come on. These are your favorite.
You can be a couple of minutes late.
I already am.
♪ ♪
In the zone.
Wow. you do not startle easy.
Definitely in the zone.
Just looking into Hopkins'
personnel records.
You think you can find some dirt?
Uh. it's not dirt
I'm looking for. exactly.
I'm just trying to get
a sense of the guy. I guess.
Well. you're busy.
I'll leave you to it.
Hey. hold on...
how'd it go with Javi?
Not great.
Uh. to be honest.
this whole thing
has got me and Chloe stumped.
And it's not the teenager part.
Like. I was a teenage boy. I'm familiar.
But what I cannot relate to
is this adoption part.
Oh.
[SIGHS]
He's... he's a sensitive kid.
I just... I don't know
what the right approach is.
You know what?
I might know someone who would.
[ALARM BLARING]
Squad 3. trench rescue.
Injured victim...
Suit up. We'll talk on the way.
9901 Montrose.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Great. I guess he's joining us.
[SIGHS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[SIRENS WAILING]
♪ ♪
Hurry!
This way!
He fell in while I was digging.
I tried to move the arm.
and the controls
just freaked out on me.
I think I crushed him.
[GROANING]
He's losing a lot of blood.
We need to move.
The arm. it malfunctioned.
We need to relieve pressure.
build a crib stack under the hydraulics.
and why the hell is that thing
still running? Kill the engine.
Uh. Chief. I think that's a mistake.
The excavator arm is held
in place by active pressure.
If we kill the power...
We lose pressure and the bucket drops.
- He won't survive.
- Let's hear a solution then.
Rapid extraction.
You'll still need to raise
the excavator arm.
If it malfunctions again.
that's 3.000 PSI of hydraulic force.
You'll pancake him.
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
- OK. cowboy. it's your command.
- All right. Squad. listen up.
Tony. go ahead and grab your backboard.
You two. with me. Anchor me in.
- I'm going down.
- Copy that.
All right. hang on there. buddy.
Hang on. Give us a minute.
I'm gonna wrap you in
a harness and bring you up.
[GRUNTS]
Few more minutes. and we're
gonna have you out of there.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
I'm gonna harness you up
so my guys can get you topside.
[GROANING]
All right. bring me up!
[GRUNTS]
I got it. You're good.
♪ ♪
Keep tension on the webbing.
Yank him up when I move the bucket.
Copy that.
Hey. Tony. wedge that
backboard back in there
so we can slide him up into it.
Hey. these controls.
do they run on a regenerative circuit?
It's my first week on the job.
I think so.
- Ready?
- Set.
Three. two. one. go!
[GROANING. YELLING]
[GROANS]
Medic!
[PANTING. WHEEZING]
Ready?
On three. One. two. three.
♪ ♪
So how'd you know it would work?
Northside Marina.
I used to put boats
into storage for the winter.
We used the same hydraulic
systems with regen charging.
It wasn't a bucket malfunction.
The controls worked fine.
Yeah. they're just stubborn as hell.
♪ ♪
Nice work. Squad 3.
[PHONE DINGS]
Hey. Cruz. He's here.
You can take the meeting
in the briefing room.
Sounds good. Thank you.
So your son has
been trying to track down
his biological family?
Yeah. yeah. and I've tried to
talk to him about it. but...
But it's the last thing he wants to do.
- Yeah.
- Look. I get it.
Severide says that you deal
with teenagers all the time.
How?
Honestly.
sometimes it's just about
letting them be jerks
when they need to be.
Most of us were like that at that age.
Yeah. yeah. I get that.
And I try to relate.
but you know. the truth is
that I don't know what it's like
to not have a biological family
in your life.
And this thing with Javi.
is it just a curiosity.
or is it
him searching for something
that he just can't get from us?
Look.
in my experience
with adopted and foster kids.
you know. being curious about
their biological family
is completely normal.
and it has nothing to do
with their feelings
about their adoptive parents.
Then what is it about?
It's the same thing that
family history is about
for all of us...
just trying to figure out who we are.
And a lot of the times
for a kid like Javi.
really understanding who they are
starts with understanding
where they came from.
[GENTLE MUSIC]
Like I said. I already got two captains
gunning for that rope kit.
First one to show up gets it.
simple as that.
Please. I came all the way over here...
- Well...
- As fast as I could.
You should have called
and saved yourself a trip.
I would have told you
the same thing over the phone.
OK. look. my job's on the line.
No offense. lady.
but I don't know you from Adam.
Sorry.
[INTRIGUING MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Oh. looks like we've got.
um. common ground.
Yeah. us and about
2.5 billion other people.
[CHUCKLES] Yeah. Uh...
But do you know Delguzzo
from first shift at 51?
He's a good friend.
And people say he's got some
kind of divine connection
'cause. you know.
he's close with the Pope.
Yeah. I have heard that.
Oh. it's true. yeah.
Anyone who comes in contact with him.
things just work out for them.
Even parking spaces.
I know he'd love it
if things worked out here too.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
I mean. don't you think?
Guess I shouldn't say no
to a friend of Delguzzo's.
He would be so glad to hear that.
I'll have the kit sent over
first thing tomorrow.
Oh. bless you.
♪ ♪
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
66.
You worked under my father. Benny.
Firehouse 66. He suspended you.
You've been doing your homework.
File doesn't say what
caused the suspension.
but I'm telling you.
you got any beef with Benny.
it has nothing to do with me.
That's where you're wrong.
I know your type...
brought into the fold by your old man.
propped up at the CFD
by him and his cronies.
while some of us.
we had to fight and bleed
to get to our positions.
My father never made being
a firefighter easier.
You and I have more in common
than you think.
[SCOFFS] I doubt it.
You've got his last name.
You're still part of the problem.
I should have taken on
your father and his kind
when I was a younger man.
but I had no experience.
no power. [CHUCKLES]
Game is different now.
With my position
and the new CFD restructuring.
I have a chance to make things right...
get rid of the nepotism.
the greased palms.
the playing favorites.
Wipe it all clean.
And that's what I intend to do.
♪ ♪
So I've decided
this is going to be
my permanent home base.
I'm gonna stay here at 51.
where I'm needed most.
♪ ♪
Maybe we can go up the chain.
If we lay out Hopkins' bias.
then they'll see
he can't be an impartial leader here.
- CFD will have to do something.
- No. they won't.
Pascal gone. and every other
chief in the city spread thin...
Hopkins isn't going anywhere.
Seems unfair. man.
You just got promoted.
Technically not till my number comes up.
Everybody knows that Captain
Selvidge is gonna retire soon.
Your number is coming up any day now.
Hopkins can't change that.
Maybe not.
Either way.
there's not room for both of us here.
So what are you gonna do?
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Thanks for rushing
these over. seriously.
Hey. the rope kit. You got it.
Just in the nick of time.
Let's see if it's enough to save my job.
Chief asked. you delivered.
Well. actually. it wasn't just me.
I may have name-dropped
your friend who knows the Pope.
- Seriously?
- [LAUGHS]
Yeah. The lady at the equipment shop.
she was gonna give it to another house.
And then I brought up Delguzzo.
and here it is.
Like a miracle.
Thank Delguzzo for me
when you see him. will you?
That doesn't mean anything.
Hey! We were just talking about you.
How'd the volunteering go
at the cancer ward?
Would you believe it.
two of the kids
are already in remission.
Wow. that's incredible.
Hoping there'll be more good news
when I volunteer next week.
I'll keep you updated.
I'm sure you will.
OK. well. catch you guys later.
Can you believe that?
Now he's trying to take credit
for those kids.
Tony. for real. you better start
changing your attitude about that guy.
Or what?
Hey.
Hey. What's the deal?
Your back end's blocking the driveway.
Come on. it's barely an inch.
♪ ♪
All my life.
I never got a parking ticket.
All you had to do was be nice
to the Pope's friend.
Now you face his wrath.
♪ ♪
Got that new Hyperion series. Chief.
Where do you want me to put these?
Wasn't sure you'd be able
to pull that off.
Heard there weren't many left.
You can. uh. set them right there.
Yep.
Ouch!
Sorry about that. it's just...
it's an old injury. My... my shoulder.
So...
they saved your arm.
What?
That's how I know you.
From an accident about.
what was it. five years ago?
I was on the scene late at night.
It was a two-car accident.
The teenager in the other vehicle
had a broken back. barely alive.
And you. your arm was partially severed
at the shoulder
by the driver's side door.
Yes.
I was the one who caused it.
I lost control of my car.
and you knew right away
that I was drunk.
You had the police ride
with me in the ambulance.
I remember.
You go to jail for it?
No. sir. I should have.
They suspended my license. that's all.
[EXHALES]
You tell the folks here at 51?
♪ ♪
No.
And for what it's worth.
I've been trying
to get a job at the CFD
for years. to help here.
to do something good.
to... to make amends.
I guess. in some way.
[SOMBER MUSIC]
I understand if this means
there's no place for me here
after this.
There was never a place for you
without the battalion chief here...
[SNIFFLES]
But now that I'm staying...
there is.
Really?
To be clear. you'll be working for me.
not for 51.
I need you to be comfortable with that.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Absolutely.
♪ ♪
- Ooh!
- Ah.
I'll go get Otis.
Wait. wait. before we all sit down.
I'm sorry I invaded your
privacy and read your email.
- Mom...
- No. I'm serious.
If my parents had read
any entry from my journals
when I was your age.
I would have gone nuclear.
Look. I remember when you
first came into our lives
and Otis was just a baby.
We were so worried about
whether you'd be happy here.
And then that first night
when we heard you
singing a lullaby to him.
it was like everything just clicked.
And that lullaby. it was in Spanish.
That was from your childhood.
Can I go get him now?
No. not yet. I...
[TENDER MUSIC]
[CLEARS THROAT]
You and I are going to Honduras
over my next furlough.
We're gonna learn all about
the town that you were born in.
We'll explore every corner we can.
And I got you a window seat.
so you. uh...
you can take it all in as we land.
♪ ♪
Is that something you'd like to do?
I'd like it a lot. [LAUGHS]
Thank you.
♪ ♪
Aw.
[KNOCKING]
Kelly.
Come on in.
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
You should have seen him.
The way he pushed back
at the most basic.
important things to me...
to 51. to leadership. protocol.
Cruz's family coming by...
He really got under your skin.
It's the best house in the city.
He doesn't know it. I do.
51 is my home.
I'm not gonna just sit back
and watch him burn it down.
Hopkins wants a fight?
He's got one.
♪ ♪
What?
I'll admit. I got my concerns
about Hopkins.
But Pascal handed you
the keys to the castle.
and to be honest. I wasn't sure how much
you wanted it until right now.
This anger. this conviction.
that's exactly the kind of
leader that 51 needs.
I'm not saying it's gonna be easy.
but Kelly. what I can say for sure
is you're exactly where
you're supposed to be.
So get your armor on.
♪ ♪
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[WOLF HOWLS]